This repository is a compilation of academic activities by Rafiat M. Bamimore Akodu, Rasheed A. Oyewole, Salam Taoubane, Taiwo A. Sanda, and Toheeb A. Jumah as equal collaborators during the 2023–2024 fall academic session as masters students of the "MSc Collective Intelligence Program" at Muhammad VI Polytechnic University (UM6P).  The repository embedded a compendium of files aggregated from a research study termed "Universite Mohammed VI Polytechnic Students' Challenges on Academic Orientation," and it also sheds light on the importance of a collective intelligence approach to solving unique hurdles as a team using the aggregation of diverse opinions from the collaborators to resolve challenges and evolve solutions when encountering challenges through collaborative efforts, which is a major component of the course program.
This study explores the difficulties that students at the prestigious Muhammad VI Polytechnic University (UM6P), a top university in Morocco known for emphasizing innovative approaches to problem solving, face. This study, which was carried out as a component of a semester-long course program in "Programming, Data Science, and Stastitics 1"; "Experimental Methods 1"; and "Innovation, Entrepreneurship, and Startup Design," aims and objectives to illuminate the particular challenges that students face while pursuing their education.
The rigorous and perceptive approach to collecting data from the participants using the Qualtrics Survey, analyzing the data after cleaning and wrangling the data, and drawing inferences from the data using a linear regression model was based on the concepts learned from "Experimental Methods 1" and "Programming, Data Science, and Stastitics 1" courses during the fall semester, with a final scientific report submitted for assessment in the "Experimental Methods 1" course. The research in particular conducted a focus group discussion and interview with the students before carrying out the main research study on the student population of UM6P, with a sample population of 108 finalists participating through volutary response sampling.
The research findings from the study were observed, and recommendations to resolve them were proposed. One of the recommendations was a project proposal on implementing a robust "Mentorship Scheme" from our startup firm, termed "RRTTS Consulting Firm," a name that was coined from the first letter of the first name of the collaborators. The project proposal was submitted for assessment in the "Innovation, Entrepreneurship, and Startup Design" course, and a final presentation was made that entails important components from all three courses as part of the 2023–2024 fall semester-ending assessment.
